## Introduction

It seems hard to add any more compliments to The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. This action-adventure game issued in March 2017, developed and published by Nintendo won the IGN’s Game of the Year. It is described as “evocative, exhilarating and a masterclass in open-world design” and the milestone in the game history. The game, just as its tile indicated, creates a wild and vast area –the land of Hyrule for the players, which hides hundreds of puzzles and wonder to be found.

“Open-world” refers to the game mechanic as well as the tangible space that the avatar of player can freely explore, which serves as the bridge between two worlds: reality and virtual reality. On the one hand, open-world video games rely on real-life concepts which offer players with senses of familiarity, immersion, detail, and depth inside their alien environments (Toups et.al 2019). On the other hand, there are less geographically and mechanically restraints like invisible walls or linear level challenges, so that the players can proceed the game as they wish –to this extent, the player and the role he is manipulating could never be closer to each other. Freedom and exploration, the two main features which reveal the core attraction of open-world games are fully displayed in BotW, as complimented by the committee of IGN, “It presents a wonderful sandbox full of mystery, dangling dozens upon dozens of tantalizing things in front of you that just beg to be explored.”

To what extent that open-world video games can be seen as the refraction of the real world? Meanwhile, how should we view a game? Is it a form of entertainment, an avant-garde form of art, or a vehicle of emotion, experience and ethics (Chang 2018)? Furthermore, as a product of modernity, to what extent can we trace the process of knowledge production in this open-world game, for example, the theoretical metaphor rooted in the mechanics and the narratives of the game? And what kind of knowledge can we obtain via manipulating our avatar, Link, while playing? To what extent does the knowledge generated in BotW world resonate with that in real world and bring us new illuminations?

In this article, I attempt to answer the questions above through the discussion of a serial of themes based on my own playing experience, other’s playing experience, reviews, comments and the interviews on producers which are available on the websites, including textual and visual.

## Wild
Wilderness serves as the canvas of the entire game –after Link wake from the Shrine of Resurrection and came through the dark long corridor, being guided by the only gleam of light, he climbed cross the stone wall and came out of the shrine. It is the vivid field where tall grass sways with the tender breeze, while the birds are making pleasant chirping and butterflies dancing above the blooming flowers. With the automatic moving of the angle, more details of the Hyrule world entered into the player’s view: The volcano is spewing clouds of smoke in the distance, the snow-capped mountains loom in silhouette against the clouds. When Link ran toward a corner of the protruding cliff, facing the sun, he seized the panoramic view of the Great Plateau.

As for the design of Wild, at least for the topography, Nintendo does not set too many fiction elements –all the vegetation, stones, ponds, hills in the game are close to their realistic appearance with little animation transformation. Therefore, the wild is not completely strange to players, but simulating an environment which fits the player’s perception of the wilderness. The initiate inspiration to create the Zelda game can be traced in Miyamoto’s childhood experience of “exploring forests and caves, secret doors and paths” as he indicated in an interview in 2016. Therefore, the concept of wild is no longer limited as the stage for the game, but further signifies an entire cognitive and action system derived from the human interaction with wild.

When the player switches the perspective and manipulates Link to look down, he could easily notice the apple tree located at the entrance of the path under which the Hylian Shroom is sparkling to remind the player that it is pickable. After the player put the Shroom into bag, he naturally notices that the apples above are sparkling as well –but how to get them? He pushes the lever up to see whether it is possible to climb the tree and surprisingly find it does work. Actually, the climbing system is one of the most important mechanics in the game system. It implies a crucial axiom of the game: every space that come into view is approachable. While the knowledge of climbing is acquired by players, the basic tone of exploration in the wild is set. Link is expected to discover every inch of Hyrule world with his feet and hands, although he will learn to tame and ride the wild horses in the middle stage of playing. A number of chests of treasure, Korok seeds, and hidden shrines are arranged where can only be reached by climbing to encourage player to adopt the original method to conduct adventure. 

On the other hand, the designers endeavoured to develop an extraordinary exquisite climbing system –it works on almost any surface and slopes, from trees to snow mountains and castles, while the player must estimate the consuming of stamina and look for the landing spot in case Link falls from the height. The knowledge of climbing is gradually refined and transformed into a skill after the primary practicing, which keeps reminding the player that the original instincts of physical exploration when facing the wilderness is precisely a part of the core gameplay.

Back to Link’s journey, after he grabbed the first apple, he heard an old man calling -the first NPC he met was sitting near the bonfire and baking the apple, from which Link obtained the second knowledge from the wild: the usage of fire. The old man told Link that the ingredients collected from the wild can be roasted over a fire to increase more “hearts” (HP), which is also consistent with the natural rules of wild as we always perceive. However, baking food is just one of a dozen uses of the fire. In the following first fight with Bokoblins, the player will notice that the wooden weapon used by these pig-like monsters can be set ablaze when it approaches the fire. Furthermore, the normal wooden arrow through a fire will turns into a fire-arrow, which can cause a sizeable explosion if there is a TNT-like barrel around. When the player tries to ignite the grass with a torch, he will gladly find that the burning lawn creates an updraft which enables him to open the paraglider and get rid of the group attack of Bokoblins

Aside from the usage of fire, the designers also transplanted several other natural rules into the wild in game, which are incredibly familiar like the basic scientific knowledge in children’s book, and yet extraordinary amazing that one cannot believe it is simply reprinted in a video game. For instance, thundering weather sometimes occurs during the adventure, and the lightning from the gloomy sky will set the grass on fire. Moreover, if Link is carrying any weapon made by metal, it is highly possible that he will be hit by the lightning just because metal conducts electricity. And when Link tries to climb slopes on a rainy day, he will be using more “stamina” than sunny days and slip from time to time.

The first few hours on the Great Plateau are challenging, as the player has to understand how this world of wilderness functions and endeavour to survive. Link has to face the same tough situation as Robinson did on his desert island, since the wild appears as an overwhelming and dominant existence. Yet, for the player who is sitting in front of the screen, the wild inside the screen represents a paradoxical and obscure land: it is unpredictable and oppressive, since almost every uncertain threat (e.g. Bokoblins, wolves, rolling stones, lightening) hiding in it can easily deprive his avatar’s “life”, given the situation that Link only gets three “hearts” at the beginning. In another aspect, facing the wild, the player does not feel completely helpless because the interaction with natural elements seems to be driven in line with his cognitive scheme on the “wild” outside the screen. In this way, the wild the player is going through becomes a less alien existence because his physical/chemical experience from realistic world is intertwined with his playing experience in the virtual wild.

